that I had told my, like, manager or whoever was in charge of our team over and over that it's an annoying feature for users to have to manage just because of the amount of work it takes. And in reality, users are managing like hundreds of requests. And when you are managing hundreds of requests, you have to multiply that by two because you're managing hundreds of requests and whatever positions they're under. And it also kind of broke up the... The biggest thing is that it affected the reliability of the tool, in the sense that one user could work one way, and another user could work another way. And this is not a bad thing. But in a tool like this, you need to standardize the workflow, or you have a tool where you cannot, you cannot really change the way users work, and you cannot really precisely see what the pain point is because it benefits some people, but it doesn't benefit the majority. Or it works really well, like it works really well for one user, but it doesn't really make sense for the rest of users. And onboarding was a mess. Documentation was a mess. Honestly, the entire fucking tool was a mess. But in the recent years, in the recent months, this year, to be honest, we decided to completely scrap positions. And I came up with like a new sort of way to understand is that we just have the request be something that is submitted, you know. A request is just something the user submit. It's like sending an email saying you wanna request this person. And they used to think of it like buckets and all these other random fucking terminologies. But I explained to my managers that it's not so much as changing the way they function or even, it's not necessary. You just need to change the wordings. Change the way it feels to use this tool is what I pitched. And that's the obviously direction we went with because the PO was like, yeah, that makes sense. And another thing, I think the biggest impact is, all of this I'm saying, honestly, I don't even think it's that exquisite or crazy. I think this is just common sense. The part I would say was the biggest part was the thing I call, like, there's this thing when it's time to close a request, okay? Closing a request in RPM, I did not know because I have not worked on RPM in like a year. I've been doing other tools. Closing a request in RPM is arbitrary in the sense that if I, I asked the user, how do you close a request? Like, stop a request? Essentially, the person is removed or the person is fired, fucking whatever. How do you close this request? And one user was like, I don't know what that means. Literally said, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what that means. And then I asked another user, okay, then how do you do this? The user was like, yeah, I just changed the end date to today. And I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about? What do you mean you close a request by changing the end date to today? So what if you change the end date to next week? What the fuck happens? She's like, I don't know. And I was just looking at my PO like... And he's like, yeah, this is how it's been working. And I'm like, this is how it has been working, but this doesn't make any sense. This is not a workflow. This is just an arbitrary way of saying, of ending a request. This is, this is not an actual workflow. This is not something that we can code in and hold anyone accountable by. This is not a workflow. This is not even an end of the flow like in the user journey. This is nothing. This is like pressing a button. Like, what the fuck does this mean? And I really pitched, like, before I went on vacation, I really, I fleshed out the entire thing. And I told them that when a user wants to stop a request, it has to be something they ignite. It has to be a button they press. It has to be a state they enter. It cannot be arbitrary. Even if closing ending, putting the start date today is the action the code must do, that is not something the user must do. The user's intent is to close the request. The user's intent is not to move the start date, the end date to today. Those are two different things. Yes, closing the request means you're gonna move the end date to today. That's what it means. It means today I'm closing the request and the person is being fired today. That's what it means. But that is not the intent. The intent is I'm closing the request. The code is meant to do the rest. So I told my PO that when a user says they want to close a request, we must standardize that workflow. This is an end of a request. It cannot be arbitrary. It cannot be vague. Everyone cannot have a way to do it. It must be standardized because we have decided to get rid of positions. And requests have now become the only entity that remains. It means if you can create a request, and to create the request flow is like such an extreme process. You click the button, you make a form, but then closing the request is so arbitrary, so vague. So I was like, now these users want to close the request, they click a button, it says close the request. They don't have to do anything other than that. It will create a certain flow where the user is able to put their start date, sorry, put the end date they want to close on. Maybe it's not today, maybe it's in a few weeks. This way users can plan ahead. I also put a lot of contingency plans in the sense that because some users might want to close a request maybe in two weeks, three weeks, they might make a mistake, you know. They might be like, oh, I don't want to close the request, and cancel it. But there needs to be a buffer period that is realistic. Let's say the user says I want to close the request, but it's tomorrow. The code essentially needs to do a couple of things. It first of all needs to report to HR, please unassign this person from this project. Production is not allowed to unassign people. Only HR does. And production cannot be calling HR and telling to unassign people. That is technically illegal, you get. So the code has to formally introduce this flow for HR to close and unassign this person from the project, remove the budget, contact finance and inform them. It's a whole fucking process. And all they have been doing is closing the fucking, moving the end dates. See how insane it is. I fine went on vacation, I fleshed it all out. And I told them that when I come back, you have to make a decision that this is how it must work, or what the fuck are we doing? In this way, you can make so many mistakes because people are not closing requests the right way. They're just doing whatever they want. And people are still going to probably be in the system, getting paid or being considered for the budget. But because we do not know that they are no longer in the company till like maybe they do the financial audit or some fucking shit. Or some, till they do their team meeting where they go over their project. It's not enough, you know? I would say this 
is the biggest impact I've done because it's the one thing that I can say did not exist as an actual workflow that every production has to consider now. Because when you want to close a request, you will be held accountable for pressing that button. It's no longer, oh, it was a mistake, I moved the end date. Because they used to say so many stupid fucking excuses. But now the code will record who closed the request, at what time, when. Yeah.

ChatGPT when I say my jaw was in the ground when the po shrugged and said well it’s working so let keep it I wa alike 
WHAT?